When you're in the military, especially when you're on deployment, when
you're, the ship that you're on is traveling overseas, it can be pretty
difficult to stay in touch with family. If you're a high level
supervisor then you have access to your computer and it always has
internet. But if you just got to the ship, or you've only been in for
a couple of years, then it could be awhile before you get behind the
computer that allows you to make email conversation. Also you don't
have access to phones as much as you would like, and if you do, then
have to use a phone card and that can be pretty expensive. However
you can kind of tell your family you know my contact with you will
be limited, and you can probably still can get a hold of them a couple
times per week, no problem for an hour or two and send out emails
whenever computers are free, which could be a couple times per day.